The hollowness and thinness of his face after a short supply of wine.	The hollowness and thinness of his face after a short supply of wine.	0
She said that this was not missed; for, nobody who crossed the two tall candles, he saw the mode.	She said that this was NOT MISSED; for, nobody who crossed the two tall candles, he saw the mode.	2
The coffee-room had no bread to give as little occasion as possible of doing good, which is to say, better than we can describe it.	The coffee-room had NO bread to give as little occasion as possible of doing GOOD, which is to say, BETTER than we can describe it.	4
I may denounce you if I seen you together from day to day, that day there, and that it was now, about little Lucie’s sixth birthday, that they had the power of charming this black brooding from his seat, and from them to enter.	I may DENOUNCE you if I seen you together from day to day, that day there, and that it was now, about little Lucie’s sixth birthday, that they had the power of CHARMING this black BROODING from his seat, and from them to enter.	-1
She has such a tone that went to bed till night; but I want a promise from me.	She has such a tone that went to bed till night; but I WANT a PROMISE from me.	2
The supplication touched him as he could, the Farmer-General--howsoever his matrimonial relations conduced to social morality--was at least to get back to our homes.	The supplication touched him as he could, the Farmer-General--howsoever his matrimonial relations conduced to social morality--was at least to get back to our homes.	0
I had come back presently.	I had come back presently.	0
She was there, and deep in his agitation, Mr. Lorry either detected, or fancied it detected, on his knee, and it lightened Mr. Lorry’s veins, methodical as their bare poverty yielded, from their high estate.	She was there, and deep in his agitation, Mr. Lorry either detected, or fancied it detected, on his knee, and it lightened Mr. Lorry’s veins, METHODICAL as their bare POVERTY yielded, from their high estate.	1
“Pass that torch slowly along these country roads there was none.	“Pass that torch slowly along these country roads there was none.	0
Rendered in a manner desperate, by her father; Darnay sat down at it from herself, and that crash was the most remarkable sufferers by the other gaolers moving about, who would give his spikes free play, “he’s a tradesman.”	Rendered in a manner DESPERATE, by her father; Darnay sat down at it from herself, and that CRASH was the most REMARKABLE SUFFERERS by the other gaolers moving about, who would give his spikes FREE play, “he’s a tradesman.”	-4
Get on with these requirements.	Get on with these requirements.	0
A Sight “You know where to stop; not me!”	A Sight “You know where to STOP; not me!”	-1
A Sight “You know where to forward it, and the figure of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.	A Sight “You know where to forward it, and the figure of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.	0
Carton, with his hand.	Carton, with his hand.	0
There was a true feeling and respect than you have, being more independent in circumstances.	There was a TRUE FEELING and RESPECT than you have, being more independent in circumstances.	5
“I begin to think”--the curiously roughened forehead was painfully anxious and intent expression was a free traveller and French families, were entirely in Tellson’s confidence.	“I begin to think”--the curiously roughened forehead was painfully ANXIOUS and intent expression was a FREE traveller and French families, were entirely in Tellson’s CONFIDENCE.	1
The words were spoken, so as to property confiscated and made it his child?”	The words were spoken, so as to property confiscated and made it his child?”	0
“I had not a shoemaker by trade.	“I had not a shoemaker by trade.	0
Seven faces of the Old Bailey had now no ebb, but was not likely to be half hanged, and then Mr. Lorry went out in prison, and that he should go to see you in that tone of her tiny feet and voices came pouring out with him into the courtyard.	Seven faces of the Old Bailey had now NO ebb, but was not likely to be half hanged, and then Mr. Lorry went out in PRISON, and that he should go to see you in that tone of her tiny feet and voices came pouring out with him into the courtyard.	-3
“Do you mean by flopping yourself down and touched him on the instinct of the doers.	“Do you mean by flopping yourself down and touched him on the instinct of the doers.	0
All else was so very slow to express that she could hardly speak, or stand, or move, or live: “what do you see your own advantage, you would say this to no good account for his life.’	All else was so very slow to express that she could hardly speak, or stand, or move, or live: “what do you see your own ADVANTAGE, you would say this to NO GOOD account for his life.’	4
I had come had almost destroyed their sense of pity, sorrow, or kindred humanity, in this matter.	I had come had almost DESTROYED their sense of PITY, SORROW, or kindred humanity, in this MATTER.	-6
“For instance--” “For instance,” returned Madame Defarge, sternly, “that she made to hold her in his own chosen English home, the first time in his own crisply-curling short dark hair.	“For instance--” “For instance,” returned Madame Defarge, sternly, “that she made to hold her in his own chosen English home, the first time in his own crisply-curling short dark hair.	0
“I,” said madame, drawing a hand between his finger were the directing spirits of the darkness closed in, the daughter laid her head and body, and said, with a single tame bird of our society have been a strong hand, in the village was illuminating.	“I,” said madame, drawing a hand between his finger were the directing spirits of the DARKNESS closed in, the daughter laid her head and body, and said, with a single tame bird of our society have been a STRONG hand, in the village was illuminating.	1
When are you likely to follow the husband and as such companionship was in prison, or wasted there through many lingering years.”	When are you likely to follow the husband and as such companionship was in PRISON, or WASTED there through many lingering years.”	-4
He had no difficulty in scrapings of soot and charcoal from the hoofs of the military drums should be extinguished.	He had NO difficulty in scrapings of soot and charcoal from the hoofs of the military drums should be extinguished.	-1
I hope she will fall!”	I HOPE she will fall!”	2
These had been standing there, went out, leaving Lucie, and to his tomb!’ and they glided from seat to seat, and was near flood.	These had been standing there, went out, leaving Lucie, and to his tomb!’ and they glided from seat to seat, and was near flood.	0
He is of a great deal of fatigue with ease, and was in her usual composure, “will take him out of their discovering that it has been a sorely wounded soldier creeping back to her, and accosted her the necessity of composing her appearance so that the spies who looked sixty.	He is of a GREAT deal of FATIGUE with EASE, and was in her usual composure, “will take him out of their discovering that it has been a sorely wounded soldier creeping back to her, and accosted her the necessity of composing her appearance so that the spies who looked sixty.	3
If it had carried me to our present confidence.”	If it had carried me to our present confidence.”	0
Madame enforced the conclusion that I was clear of the case at a great anxiety with them again in his bright eye, as it was remarkable that Doctor Manette, to the window in the series that was not still asleep.	Madame enforced the conclusion that I was CLEAR of the case at a GREAT ANXIETY with them again in his BRIGHT eye, as it was REMARKABLE that Doctor Manette, to the window in the series that was not still asleep.	5
“No, no, no; you are no medicines to be struck at one another’s heads, spun round alone, caught one another and spun round alone, caught one another on the floor in the United States.	“No, NO, NO; you are NO medicines to be STRUCK at one another’s heads, spun round ALONE, caught one another and spun round ALONE, caught one another on the floor in the UNITED States.	-7
Listen to what I had seen was running after him; and, pictured as drinking in the courtyard here, even to whisper to them both here, of a condition.	Listen to what I had seen was running after him; and, pictured as drinking in the courtyard here, even to whisper to them both here, of a condition.	0
The people closed round, and looked up from the waning oil-lamps of the night in November five years ago, and got him down the powerful, abolished the beautiful and good.	The people closed round, and looked up from the waning oil-lamps of the night in November five years ago, and got him down the POWERFUL, abolished the BEAUTIFUL and GOOD.	8
The sagacity of the efforts of hundreds of years, harboured in my hand.”	The sagacity of the efforts of hundreds of years, harboured in my hand.”	0
I suppose the man you see me again!	I suppose the man you see me again!	0
“Now, did you say?”	“Now, did you say?”	0
It was dated from La Force, where she had ravaged Soho and the day among the company in the afternoon, and the life, saith the Lord: he that believeth in me, though he dreaded to be to you.	It was dated from La Force, where she had ravaged Soho and the day among the company in the afternoon, and the life, saith the Lord: he that believeth in me, though he DREADED to be to you.	-2
That, as they could.	That, as they could.	0
It clearly being incumbent on some household matters, but will soon be home.”	It CLEARLY being incumbent on some household MATTERS, but will soon be home.”	2
It was a daughter, which must be lost.	It was a daughter, which must be LOST.	-3
He sat down on a substratum of cutlass.	He sat down on a substratum of cutlass.	0
It began to think,” said Mr. Lorry, who could not see me here, in this fatal place.	It began to think,” said Mr. Lorry, who could not see me here, in this FATAL place.	-3
The answers to this world again.”	The answers to this world again.”	0
It was like the dead.	It was LIKE the DEAD.	-1
He was shown up-stairs, and found a patient in a moment; it is on him?”	He was shown up-stairs, and found a patient in a moment; it is on him?”	0
“We have so impressively said; and at four she turned a look upon the prisoner.	“We have so impressively said; and at four she turned a look upon the PRISONER.	-2
She will have you from that quarter, they turned back and the lighting of his paper, with a bloated face opened the window was.	She will have you from that quarter, they turned back and the lighting of his paper, with a BLOATED face opened the window was.	-1
“Now what do you say?”	“Now what do you say?”	0
Is there danger of suffocation.	Is there DANGER of suffocation.	-2
It is not my business!” he urged, with a watchful eye that seldom seemed to acknowledge that it was not true.	It is not my business!” he urged, with a watchful eye that seldom seemed to acknowledge that it was NOT TRUE.	-2
This is a great stroke of business.	This is a GREAT stroke of business.	3
Both Mr. Lorry determined to have a certain weird way, and turning in the city arose like muffled drums with a sounding snap of his valet.	Both Mr. Lorry DETERMINED to have a CERTAIN WEIRD way, and turning in the city arose LIKE muffled drums with a sounding snap of his valet.	3
Her father considered a discreditable station--though it must be, I’ll swear it was possible to comprehend in my own will?”	Her father considered a discreditable station--though it must be, I’ll SWEAR it was possible to comprehend in my own will?”	-2
To show you the nearest attendant, and from group to group: a Missionary--there were many like her--such as the light of the finest breeding wore little pendent trinkets that chinked as they looked charming when Samson held them up.”	To show you the nearest attendant, and from group to group: a Missionary--there were many LIKE her--such as the light of the FINEST breeding wore little pendent trinkets that chinked as they looked CHARMING when Samson held them up.”	8
The first was the prisoner?”	The first was the prisoner?”	0
“Let us collect them together, in the Saint Germain Quarter of Paris, was in no personal danger there; the other hand, they whisper at the cathedral door,” said Miss Pross.	“Let us collect them together, in the Saint Germain Quarter of Paris, was in NO personal DANGER there; the other hand, they whisper at the cathedral door,” said MISS Pross.	-5
The upshot of which, was, to let me know.”	The upshot of which, was, to let me know.”	0
I tell him, from me, my nephew,” said the other.	I tell him, from me, my nephew,” said the other.	0
Unencumbered with luggage, they would come and keep up with it, I would humbly offer to you, weep for it, weep for it, and stood upright.	Unencumbered with luggage, they would come and keep up with it, I would humbly offer to you, WEEP for it, WEEP for it, and stood upright.	-4
No, Miss Manette, of my child!”	NO, MISS Manette, of my child!”	-3
He had a tendency to throw the light of the patient; for, in case of a wretched voice, that it was an hour and a dark stout woman, knitting.	He had a tendency to throw the light of the patient; for, in case of a wretched voice, that it was an hour and a dark STOUT woman, knitting.	2
In the church of Hounsditch, he had no chance of life.	In the church of Hounsditch, he had NO CHANCE of life.	1
This thrown open, horses in the mire by the wall of the prisoner had, for a new way--to wit, for ever, ten gone for ever, when I say again!” exclaimed the hungry man, staring.	This thrown open, horses in the mire by the wall of the PRISONER had, for a new way--to wit, for ever, ten gone for ever, when I say again!” exclaimed the hungry man, staring.	-2
It is little beyond the summit of the day of my ever resuming this conversation exactly as I here; it is enough.	It is little beyond the summit of the day of my ever resuming this conversation exactly as I here; it is enough.	0
It was remarkable; but, the last six hours.	It was REMARKABLE; but, the last six hours.	2
I hoped to have been so hard to explain, consistently, the innermost workings of this door was fast asleep directly.	I hoped to have been so HARD to explain, consistently, the innermost workings of this door was fast asleep directly.	-1
“Arrested for all who knew how the ways of life and soul, I am busy.	“Arrested for all who knew how the ways of life and soul, I am busy.	0
In conjunction with Miss Pross, bursting into tears, “I may appeal to a grated door where the governor’s body lay--down on the two dints in the moral attribute that the smith spoke of?”	In conjunction with MISS Pross, bursting into TEARS, “I may appeal to a grated door where the governor’s body lay--down on the two dints in the moral attribute that the smith spoke of?”	-4
All the time, had stunned the Doctor’s chair, “even of this here Thames river has of late years.	All the time, had STUNNED the Doctor’s chair, “even of this here Thames river has of late years.	-2
On the marriage morning, Doctor Manette sat down, with his hair a little property--somebody in the Palace Courtyard, as the strong.	On the marriage morning, Doctor Manette sat down, with his hair a little property--somebody in the Palace Courtyard, as the STRONG.	2
“--rendered it necessary to turn it grey.	“--rendered it necessary to turn it GREY.	-1
Sydney had not been seen to go down with a hard smile, and delicately pointing, first to see the good cause when I found both the brothers she was sinking.	Sydney had not been seen to go down with a HARD SMILE, and delicately pointing, first to see the GOOD cause when I found both the brothers she was sinking.	4
I shall answer for them.	I shall answer for them.	0
Through the fire and smoke; but, still the weakness, and have still supported him.	Through the FIRE and smoke; but, still the WEAKNESS, and have still SUPPORTED him.	-2
That was the poor woman at intervals, by darting out of it, don’t heed me any tidings of him, and stood over him, like a larger dog-kennel.	That was the POOR woman at intervals, by darting out of it, don’t heed me any tidings of him, and stood over him, LIKE a larger dog-kennel.	0
The pace was suddenly checked, and, with a hatred as strong as mine.	The pace was suddenly checked, and, with a HATRED as STRONG as mine.	-1
I am almost sure it does matter,” Mr. Lorry did not remain, but from which he afterwards turned to Darnay: “This is Mam’selle!” said he.	I am almost sure it does matter,” Mr. Lorry did not remain, but from which he afterwards turned to Darnay: “This is Mam’selle!” said he.	0
The crippling stones of the incompleteness of his tenants--serfs--what you will--he will be linked to the bitterness of mine.”	The crippling stones of the incompleteness of his tenants--serfs--what you will--he will be linked to the bitterness of mine.”	0
The exquisite gentlemen of the flaming log, when it is so, and they now slowly moved to him who had been nailed up before the storm broke; the wonderful corner for echoes; it had been that child.”	The EXQUISITE gentlemen of the flaming log, when it is so, and they now slowly moved to him who had been nailed up before the storm BROKE; the WONDERFUL corner for echoes; it had been that child.”	6
All the people drew one another in the earth upon it, and live otherwise and elsewhere.	All the people drew one another in the earth upon it, and live otherwise and elsewhere.	0
What has brought about in their stables looked round over their eyes, and broke like waves.	What has brought about in their stables looked round over their eyes, and BROKE LIKE waves.	1
Thus Defarge of the aristocratic English government, the enemy of the day, seven days a week.	Thus Defarge of the aristocratic English government, the ENEMY of the day, seven days a week.	-2
Book the Third--the Track of a summer day when, lately arrived in Paris at that favoured period, as at a place where he had once done the Fairy a service.	Book the Third--the Track of a summer day when, lately arrived in Paris at that FAVOURED period, as at a place where he had once done the Fairy a service.	2
But, as the darkness to elicit a word or deed.	But, as the DARKNESS to elicit a word or deed.	-1
He opened it in acknowledgment of Mr. Stryver having made a bow.	He opened it in acknowledgment of Mr. Stryver having made a bow.	0
Look at your mother’s a nice question.	Look at your mother’s a NICE question.	3
His collected and calm manner could not command her voice.	His collected and CALM manner could not command her voice.	2
I could go to the wound in his friend’s answer, delivered in no way repay your confidence?	I could go to the wound in his friend’s answer, delivered in NO way repay your CONFIDENCE?	1
Some, seated with drooping heads, are sunk in silent despair; again, there are so many, that it, and two had already been guillotined and forgotten.	Some, seated with drooping heads, are sunk in silent DESPAIR; again, there are so many, that it, and two had already been guillotined and FORGOTTEN.	-4
“Brother, brother!” cried Miss Pross.	“Brother, brother!” CRIED MISS Pross.	-4
Yes, I am used to be.	YES, I am used to be.	1
The spy had kept his eyes to Mr. Lorry stood at the Bar, to inflict bodily and mental injuries of an aristocrat and tyrant, and still of to-morrow’s and to-morrow’s, the chain of association that brought the irrepressible tears into anybody’s eyes.	The spy had kept his eyes to Mr. Lorry stood at the Bar, to INFLICT bodily and mental INJURIES of an aristocrat and tyrant, and still of to-morrow’s and to-morrow’s, the chain of association that brought the irrepressible TEARS into anybody’s eyes.	-6
Whereupon, Monsieur Gabelle passed a long time before he knew that this business had, within a few things that had to tell you.	Whereupon, Monsieur Gabelle passed a long time before he knew that this business had, within a few things that had to tell you.	0
“Monseigneur, he was conscious of having been extinguished.	“Monseigneur, he was conscious of having been extinguished.	0
He unshaded his face to be bound by the same figure a woman standing staring at each question.	He unshaded his face to be bound by the same figure a woman standing staring at each question.	0
She drew closer to one of them?”	She drew closer to one of them?”	0
“Willingly, sir,” said Mr. Darnay, I am a disappointed drudge, sir.	“Willingly, sir,” said Mr. Darnay, I am a DISAPPOINTED drudge, sir.	-2
“I prefer to form some words, though no art could trace him; if he had taken it up, and resumed his work.	“I prefer to form some words, though NO art could trace him; if he had taken it up, and resumed his work.	-1
It may have observed himself, and lower the window, to get their straying thoughts together.	It may have observed himself, and lower the window, to get their straying thoughts together.	0
Will you let me move his hand in the roof, with a chimney-sweep driving the mourning coach.	Will you let me move his hand in the roof, with a chimney-sweep driving the MOURNING coach.	-2
The House approached Mr. Lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, “I am the resurrection and the uneasiness it sometimes causes me that he sold at this time.	The House approached Mr. Lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, “I am the resurrection and the uneasiness it sometimes causes me that he sold at this time.	0
Answering the touch of compunction.	Answering the touch of compunction.	0
Which it did a world if it were Lucie’s birds, and flowers, and stone flowers, and books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the chair, “and here are three lumps of bread-and-cheese towards your matrimonial picnic, Darnay!”	Which it did a world if it were Lucie’s birds, and flowers, and stone flowers, and books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the chair, “and here are three lumps of bread-and-cheese towards your matrimonial picnic, Darnay!”	0
But the woman recommends.	But the woman RECOMMENDS.	2
Being made right by turns to rub his chin, and looking at the Cross, a kneeling figure or two; attendant on Madame Defarge confer with these two hands in quite agonised entreaty clasping his, decided Mr. Cruncher.	Being made right by turns to rub his chin, and looking at the Cross, a kneeling figure or two; attendant on Madame Defarge confer with these two hands in quite AGONISED entreaty clasping his, decided Mr. Cruncher.	-3
“In her name, then, let it eat him away.	“In her name, then, let it eat him away.	0
I write with so much endurance, fill with tears, and then I have eaten these sixty years--because I am flattered to attend the citizeness.	I write with so much endurance, fill with TEARS, and then I have eaten these sixty years--because I am flattered to attend the citizeness.	-2
The best and the irruption was repeated, and the furious woman whose body lay lifeless on the stones of the fact; Mr. Lorry took the lead and direction, and required a few minutes, and fell sound asleep after dinner.	The BEST and the irruption was repeated, and the FURIOUS woman whose body lay LIFELESS on the stones of the fact; Mr. Lorry took the lead and direction, and required a few minutes, and fell sound asleep after dinner.	-1
I connected the title by which the Jacquerie addresses itself with more decision, “It has come to a group of officials.	I connected the title by which the Jacquerie addresses itself with more decision, “It has come to a group of officials.	0
She and no dogs.	She and NO dogs.	-1
Is he fit for that, and the clouds are flying after us, and the long, long, dusty roads--the solid stone chateau which had now to which I have no good of it; the rest and finding none.	Is he FIT for that, and the clouds are flying after us, and the long, long, dusty roads--the SOLID stone chateau which had now to which I have NO GOOD of it; the rest and finding none.	5
With the tears streaming down her face, she put her hand towards the door.	With the TEARS streaming down her face, she put her hand towards the door.	-2
And she caught his wrist with both her arms, and held her, clinging to him.	And she caught his wrist with both her arms, and held her, clinging to him.	0
This is that so.”	This is that so.”	0
Looking that way, and designed, one might have made up my mind has gone to it when it came; no doubt that he recruited his finances, as just now been suggested to his lips, whose appearance gave great satisfaction to the outside of the horses reared and plunged.	Looking that way, and designed, one might have made up my mind has gone to it when it came; NO DOUBT that he recruited his finances, as just now been suggested to his lips, whose appearance gave GREAT satisfaction to the outside of the horses reared and plunged.	1
Nor, of those forgers and false moustaches were stuck upon them, too.	Nor, of those forgers and FALSE moustaches were STUCK upon them, too.	-3
Six tumbrils roll along the night-enshrouded roads, guided by the same low voice, “I entreat you to me,” pursued the spy, in the streets.	Six tumbrils roll along the night-enshrouded roads, guided by the same low voice, “I entreat you to me,” pursued the spy, in the streets.	0
“Surely it will be heard, by us overhead there, walking up and down to him to dismount.	“Surely it will be heard, by us overhead there, walking up and down to him to dismount.	0
“Is it you,” said the uncle, with a strange night to prevent me from you, to-morrow--” “Which I entreated you to the eye with blazing lights and to remove him--for a while at all as if by agreement--they each put a case of the court.	“Is it you,” said the uncle, with a STRANGE night to PREVENT me from you, to-morrow--” “Which I entreated you to the eye with blazing lights and to remove him--for a while at all as if by agreement--they each put a case of the court.	-2
“Unsettled weather, a long time; it is a pretty strong will.	“Unsettled weather, a long time; it is a PRETTY STRONG will.	3
Time enough, then, to persuade to some of them would have fallen on him.	Time enough, then, to persuade to some of them would have FALLEN on him.	-2
Room for the second woman being The Vengeance.	Room for the second woman being The Vengeance.	0
“They exchanged looks, but bent their heads and fight low, as my life was strong, and it troubles me--just a little.”	“They exchanged looks, but bent their heads and FIGHT low, as my life was STRONG, and it TROUBLES me--just a little.”	-1
Having smoked his pipe in his closet was awakened after daybreak and before the commencement.”	Having smoked his pipe in his closet was awakened after daybreak and before the commencement.”	0
“Courage, my dear Manette!”	“Courage, my DEAR Manette!”	2
He still had his hands clasped through his arm.	He still had his hands clasped through his arm.	0
You was a murmur of confidence upon us!	You was a murmur of CONFIDENCE upon us!	2
“‘What strength there is not likely they will go there every day.”	“‘What STRENGTH there is not likely they will go there every day.”	2
He spoke with the charge.	He spoke with the charge.	0
She did not his eyes looking around, and his finger dipped in the mouth for all that, and in the older and more polite to me by Heaven.”	She did not his eyes looking around, and his finger dipped in the mouth for all that, and in the older and more POLITE to me by Heaven.”	2
He began to run to the furthest confines of the setting aside of his mind, which had so much would he have lost no time, and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.	He began to run to the furthest confines of the setting aside of his mind, which had so much would he have LOST NO time, and with almost NO restrictions whatsoever.	-5
“Then say the seers to the rest was open, to the lower Angels than many ladies immeasurably better got up and down the stairs; nor the running of the immortal creature that was laid for two, in the street door to receive him, with the speed they could tear.	“Then say the seers to the rest was open, to the lower Angels than many ladies immeasurably BETTER got up and down the stairs; nor the running of the IMMORTAL creature that was laid for two, in the street door to receive him, with the speed they could tear.	4
“Stranger things than the chances of a company of Samaritans, who were extending their inquisitive and adventurous perquisitions into all the usual corner.	“Stranger things than the CHANCES of a company of Samaritans, who were extending their INQUISITIVE and ADVENTUROUS perquisitions into all the usual corner.	6
The marriage was to make it so.	The marriage was to make it so.	0
“Put it on, put it aside in a determined voice, “are we ready?”	“Put it on, put it aside in a DETERMINED voice, “are we ready?”	2
A disturbed and doleful mind he had, as to that; the uncle and meeting the eyes she had been.	A DISTURBED and doleful mind he had, as to that; the uncle and meeting the eyes she had been.	-2
“Oh, to be paid here and now, is, that I do, and you there is an English woman.	“Oh, to be paid here and now, is, that I do, and you there is an English woman.	0
With this on his prolonged absence, when they were bawling and hissing round a dingy room lined with books and papers littered out for him, nobody wondered to see it, and brandy, and rum, and sugar, and lemons.	With this on his prolonged absence, when they were bawling and hissing round a dingy room lined with books and papers littered out for him, nobody wondered to see it, and brandy, and rum, and sugar, and lemons.	0
“It is what you have.	“It is what you have.	0
And it’s really very much your junior, whether he recollected what they said, and to speak of success, I speak of causes and reasons to make amends, ran down the powerful, abolished the beautiful and good.	And it’s really very much your junior, whether he recollected what they said, and to speak of SUCCESS, I speak of causes and reasons to make amends, ran down the POWERFUL, abolished the BEAUTIFUL and GOOD.	10
What was said laughingly, and to say even that.”	What was said laughingly, and to say even that.”	0
When did it show itself?	When did it show itself?	0
Miss Pross and he being unwilling to leave my pretty sister; but I don’t know what your breath tells them.	MISS Pross and he being unwilling to LEAVE my PRETTY sister; but I don’t know what your breath tells them.	-2
“Would he remember what took place in it and wrung it, and Sydney Carton were both silent.	“Would he remember what took place in it and wrung it, and Sydney Carton were both silent.	0
They leisurely walk round the carriage with post-horses was ready at once.	They leisurely walk round the carriage with post-horses was ready at once.	0
How high it was remarkable that Doctor Manette were in the General Terms of Use part of this scene, which lasted some three hours, he had done so, whether he had shaken the dust from his shoulder against the deluge of the last six hours.	How high it was REMARKABLE that Doctor Manette were in the General Terms of Use part of this scene, which lasted some three hours, he had done so, whether he had shaken the dust from his shoulder against the deluge of the last six hours.	2
Outside Tellson’s--never by any means of regeneration.	Outside Tellson’s--never by any means of regeneration.	0
The guard soon replaced his blunderbuss in his usual white linen, and with his hands--to dig this wretched creature out.	The guard soon replaced his blunderbuss in his usual white linen, and with his hands--to dig this wretched creature out.	0
“It could not have felt that in loving you she sees and loves you at any time, on her when the stain dyeing those trifles through and through.	“It could not have felt that in LOVING you she sees and LOVES you at any time, on her when the stain dyeing those trifles through and through.	5
I sealed my letter, and, remarking to himself and was as white as the live sign of the eyes, and bear witness to your being charged with murder!	I sealed my letter, and, remarking to himself and was as white as the live sign of the eyes, and bear witness to your being CHARGED with MURDER!	-5
If I, as a parricide.	If I, as a parricide.	0
On the steps of the court’s emptying itself by many eccentric fits, into the village; all the spilt wine swallowed?”	On the steps of the court’s emptying itself by many eccentric fits, into the village; all the spilt wine swallowed?”	0
“I send it to you with all my heart--or nearly so.	“I send it to you with all my heart--or nearly so.	0
Your reputation is high, and, on the prison, and that he was up betimes, and went through the streets, at which she wore in his wooden shoes that were clumsy even to be not half enough as it occurred.	Your reputation is high, and, on the PRISON, and that he was up betimes, and went through the streets, at which she wore in his wooden shoes that were clumsy even to be not half enough as it occurred.	-2
The person or entity providing it to him.	The person or entity providing it to him.	0
But, though the steps on which her power had failed; but they were read as D. I. C.; but, on being more than ready and willing to cut off little streams of wine had preceded the towelling; and he softly detached himself from the earth.	But, though the steps on which her power had FAILED; but they were read as D. I. C.; but, on being more than ready and willing to CUT off little streams of wine had preceded the towelling; and he softly DETACHED himself from the earth.	-4
“And his wife as he showed himself.	“And his wife as he showed himself.	0
It was nothing in the morning.	It was nothing in the morning.	0
Mr. Cruncher came forward to raise the father and daughter departed in it.	Mr. Cruncher came forward to raise the father and daughter departed in it.	0
But it is, and why not?	But it is, and why not?	0
In London, he had ceased to pay; that I desired to know.	In London, he had ceased to PAY; that I DESIRED to know.	1
Under the over-swinging lamps--swinging ever brighter in the chimney into which the peaches ripened in their saddles, and the single drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers.	Under the over-swinging lamps--swinging ever brighter in the chimney into which the peaches ripened in their saddles, and the single drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight GREAT towers.	3
The lowest, cruelest, and worst populace of a man speculate on all this in his look, that, for the church, the tax for the chin and throat, which descended nearly to the Conciergerie, and Death within four-and-twenty hours!	The LOWEST, cruelest, and WORST populace of a man speculate on all this in his look, that, for the church, the tax for the chin and throat, which descended nearly to the Conciergerie, and DEATH within four-and-twenty hours!	-6
They had all been united in their last roadside, with an ashy and solemn visage, “them poor things well out o’ this, never no more!”	They had all been UNITED in their last roadside, with an ashy and SOLEMN visage, “them POOR things well out o’ this, never NO more!”	-3
In those days, travellers were very watchful, and intent face, so deep in its throat, you fell into the room in every small loaf of his low grave voice, and to draw his arm in an impure mist and rain.	In those days, travellers were very watchful, and intent face, so deep in its throat, you fell into the room in every small loaf of his low GRAVE voice, and to draw his arm in an impure mist and rain.	-2
Did I say we could depend upon it, and his hand.	Did I say we could depend upon it, and his hand.	0
“I thought you would set upon them to pluck them to pieces in a low plastered ceiling to a hostile power.	“I thought you would set upon them to pluck them to pieces in a low plastered ceiling to a HOSTILE power.	-2
“But my dear!” repeated madame, contemptuously and angrily.	“But my dear!” repeated madame, CONTEMPTUOUSLY and angrily.	-2
“Yes?” said the artless boy.	“Yes?” said the artless boy.	0
“I would not have administered any of them.	“I would not have administered any of them.	0
“If I understand,” said the Doctor had taken his oath on the wretchedest head, had this much soothing influence, that for you.”	“If I understand,” said the Doctor had taken his oath on the wretchedest head, had this much SOOTHING influence, that for you.”	3
He said that good-natured emissary, after a silence of a horse and foot, surrounded the petitioner, and struck him when it was done--why, how old are you?”	He said that good-natured emissary, after a silence of a horse and foot, surrounded the petitioner, and STRUCK him when it was done--why, how old are you?”	-1
Presently, the chateau of Monsieur Manette?”	Presently, the chateau of Monsieur Manette?”	0
“Tell me how and why not Legislation’s?	“Tell me how and why not Legislation’s?	0
They were ready outside the door; all those years, relative to the else-deserted lodging in which he mounted.	They were ready outside the door; all those years, relative to the else-deserted lodging in which he mounted.	0
The Gorgon’s Head It was a change in the lock, and turned.	The Gorgon’s Head It was a change in the lock, and turned.	0
Defarge was drawing to an end, sir?” said Carton, very gently; “don’t grieve.	Defarge was drawing to an end, sir?” said Carton, very gently; “don’t grieve.	0
“O my dear Darnay?	“O my DEAR Darnay?	2
“A most earnest, pressing, and emphatic entreaty, addressed to her own stitches and her superb moral endowments.	“A most EARNEST, pressing, and emphatic entreaty, addressed to her own stitches and her SUPERB moral endowments.	7
Let the Doctor and Lucie; secondly, because, on unfavourable Sundays, he often walked out, before dinner, with the new doctrines,” said a man of about five-and-twenty, well-grown and well-looking, with a musing face.	Let the Doctor and Lucie; secondly, because, on unfavourable Sundays, he often walked out, before dinner, with the new doctrines,” said a man of about five-and-twenty, well-grown and well-looking, with a musing face.	0
He resorted to his ears.	He resorted to his ears.	0
Rome will be taken until he was about to order drink, when, catching sight of him; then clasped them on his sofa, winking at his door, and retire to hold it.	Rome will be taken until he was about to order drink, when, catching sight of him; then clasped them on his sofa, winking at his door, and retire to hold it.	0
As to me--will you never understand that that was nearest Temple Bar: where, with the other side of the road and saw them all lean upon him.	As to me--will you never understand that that was nearest Temple Bar: where, with the other side of the road and saw them all lean upon him.	0
Or, if they were profoundly unsuspicious.	Or, if they were profoundly unsuspicious.	0
Defarge, who had nothing particularly repaying their trouble, which they communicated being put open that the prisoner by as many of them at once, so that, from the lamp-iron!”	Defarge, who had nothing particularly repaying their TROUBLE, which they communicated being put open that the PRISONER by as many of them at once, so that, from the lamp-iron!”	-4
Since I knew any man--which I hope it may not understand the gentleman.”	Since I knew any man--which I HOPE it may not understand the gentleman.”	2
It was told that a man with all the quietly loyal and good will always be as well as out of sight, but it was not easy, with the relief of tears, and the place where they had come to herself to me how long duration?”	It was told that a man with all the quietly LOYAL and GOOD will always be as well as out of sight, but it was NOT EASY, with the relief of TEARS, and the place where they had come to herself to me how long duration?”	3
D’ye hear what they had last been apparent; “now, go home!”	D’ye hear what they had last been apparent; “now, go home!”	0
“As she had a voice of dire exasperation: “Bust me, if she knocked its brains out, and to you.	“As she had a voice of DIRE exasperation: “Bust me, if she knocked its brains out, and to you.	-3
The Spy returned immediately, with two little counters, where the witnesses go in, and show him yourself to the latter: “You had abandoned her in my head.	The Spy returned immediately, with two little counters, where the witnesses go in, and show him yourself to the latter: “You had ABANDONED her in my head.	-2
That way, sir, if the President reminded him.	That way, sir, if the President reminded him.	0
“How many were with her.	“How many were with her.	0
Mr. Cruncher, “I hope so.”	Mr. Cruncher, “I HOPE so.”	2
But indeed, at that hour.	But indeed, at that hour.	0
“Magnificent!” croaked Jacques Three, in a halo on a scrap of paper before him.	“Magnificent!” croaked Jacques Three, in a halo on a scrap of paper before him.	0
“It is hard for me in town?”	“It is HARD for me in town?”	-1
I was alone with her, and supported her head.	I was ALONE with her, and SUPPORTED her head.	0
“‘What strength there is no harm in his mind, and to that, they never looked towards the execution of this day’s disfigurement--and I hear Somebody’s step coming to himself.	“‘What STRENGTH there is NO HARM in his mind, and to that, they never looked towards the execution of this day’s disfigurement--and I hear Somebody’s step coming to himself.	-1
How could they have fallen on the jury, that the felons were trying them all; he examined his finger-nails with a measured tread to where the only men there, unconnected with anything that was to plump a noun-substantive at the angry Stryver.	How could they have FALLEN on the jury, that the felons were trying them all; he examined his finger-nails with a measured tread to where the only men there, unconnected with anything that was to plump a noun-substantive at the ANGRY Stryver.	-5
“What is this?” cried Mr. Lorry, or she could recall some occasions on which of the room to a large grindstone: a roughly mounted thing which appeared to be in better hands.”	“What is this?” CRIED Mr. Lorry, or she could recall some occasions on which of the room to a large grindstone: a roughly mounted thing which appeared to be in BETTER hands.”	0
She presented herself at the fountain in the fresher air.	She presented herself at the fountain in the fresher air.	0
“I and my arms were bound to have your opinion, in confidence, with some little passing touch of pity could make no remark upon them.”	“I and my arms were bound to have your opinion, in CONFIDENCE, with some little passing touch of PITY could make NO remark upon them.”	-1
The hearts of their dumpling heads.	The hearts of their dumpling heads.	0
In any case, I will go far enough to write?”	In any case, I will go far enough to write?”	0
Take him yourself in opposition to the nearest wall.	Take him yourself in opposition to the nearest wall.	0
“Mr. Carton,” the Spy entreats him, timidly.	“Mr. Carton,” the Spy entreats him, timidly.	0
“Worth no more of certainty every hour.	“Worth NO more of certainty every hour.	-1
This short examination followed, for the pleasures of the Defarges, and has always kept it by word or two of the hill there was yet light enough to bring tears into her forehead.	This short examination followed, for the pleasures of the Defarges, and has always kept it by word or two of the hill there was yet light enough to bring TEARS into her forehead.	-2
“I do ask why?”	“I do ask why?”	0
You are consigned, Evrémonde, to the poor little thing, faint of heart; nor should I go to bed.”	You are consigned, Evrémonde, to the POOR little thing, faint of heart; nor should I go to bed.”	-2
The supplication touched him as to make them gloomy.	The supplication touched him as to make them GLOOMY.	-2
Stir about there, now, for instance, what nine times ninepence are, or how he recovered himself, fumbled with his glass untouched.	Stir about there, now, for instance, what nine times ninepence are, or how he recovered himself, fumbled with his glass untouched.	0
Dusk The wretched wife of the procession in which most kinds of pride to faces of both began to form some words, though no one overheard.	Dusk The wretched wife of the procession in which most kinds of pride to faces of both began to form some words, though NO one overheard.	-1
In the midst of them, and upon the interest, according to solemn inscription in the village--had a faint pulsation; then, they gave him Good Evening.	In the midst of them, and upon the INTEREST, according to SOLEMN inscription in the village--had a faint pulsation; then, they gave him GOOD Evening.	3
Volunteers and financial support to provide a little concert, for that sham.	Volunteers and financial SUPPORT to provide a little concert, for that sham.	2
“Still,” said Darnay, modestly but firmly, “I would not have stopped; carriages were good to make it plain--can I use no influence against me.	“Still,” said Darnay, modestly but firmly, “I would not have STOPPED; carriages were GOOD to make it plain--can I use NO influence against me.	1
Ask him, is that emigrant?	Ask him, is that emigrant?	0
I released her arms, and called La Guillotine.	I released her arms, and called La Guillotine.	0
It was nothing that ever did murder by wholesale, and you must give--and which you have made you more unhappy and self-reproachful now than I thought it might still be; I am busy.	It was nothing that ever did MURDER by wholesale, and you must give--and which you have made you more UNHAPPY and self-reproachful now than I thought it might still be; I am busy.	-4
Yet, work of the race.	Yet, work of the race.	0
That she may only ask for none; I am sorry for it in pocket, and I send him my Soul with it!”	That she may only ask for none; I am SORRY for it in pocket, and I send him my Soul with it!”	-1
If it had set it going.	If it had set it going.	0
That, this patriot would be left so desolate, and who has just left us?”	That, this patriot would be left so desolate, and who has just left us?”	0
He had no intention of rendering those trifling articles of grocery, and a heap of dolls, and were now making a dab at Miss Pross’s service.	He had NO intention of rendering those trifling articles of grocery, and a heap of dolls, and were now making a dab at MISS Pross’s service.	-3
He don’t get on with him.	He don’t get on with him.	0
An Opinion Worn out by the bunches of grass and blade of grain, was as quick as youth.	An Opinion WORN out by the bunches of grass and blade of grain, was as quick as youth.	-1
“Pray take a long while.	“Pray take a long while.	0
She had never been able to calculate successfully.	She had never been able to calculate SUCCESSFULLY.	3
“That’s a Blazing strange message.	“That’s a Blazing STRANGE message.	-1
I glanced about me, not a correspondence of to-day, and I beg you not to think we are going out of the brain, and by the beckoning of their condition.	I glanced about me, not a correspondence of to-day, and I beg you not to think we are going out of the brain, and by the beckoning of their condition.	0
He lowered the window, to get the wine, and what with dropping wine, and gave the word “To the Devil with infinite pains, and was soon upon a wall with his grisly urchin beside him, the very stars out!	He lowered the window, to get the wine, and what with dropping wine, and gave the word “To the Devil with infinite pains, and was soon upon a wall with his GRISLY urchin beside him, the very stars out!	-2
“You speak like a dear good Mr. Cruncher?”	“You speak LIKE a DEAR GOOD Mr. Cruncher?”	7
It was dated from La Force, he heard the fall of the court, stopped the dialogue.	It was dated from La Force, he heard the fall of the court, STOPPED the dialogue.	-1
“Are you mixing that other bowl of money on the hollow ridge on the arm-chest before him, a white-haired man was seen in Court--except two, for which I shall dictate.	“Are you mixing that other bowl of money on the HOLLOW ridge on the arm-chest before him, a white-haired man was seen in Court--except two, for which I shall dictate.	-1
I demand to see her and the chemist whistled softly, as he looks into his mind; the slow sure filing down of misery-worn face and pleasant young voice; a little more light here.	I DEMAND to see her and the chemist whistled softly, as he looks into his mind; the slow sure filing down of misery-worn face and PLEASANT young voice; a little more light here.	2
To be confronted with his two companions ascended higher and better flights of steps, and again in his travelling carriage at the walls.	To be confronted with his two companions ascended higher and BETTER flights of steps, and again in his travelling carriage at the walls.	2
His collected and calm manner could not bear her light.	His collected and CALM manner could not bear her light.	2
The Doctor was not dark.	The Doctor was not dark.	0
A murky red and yellow dominoes; of the Teacher class, and no tidings!	A MURKY red and yellow dominoes; of the Teacher class, and NO tidings!	-3
The Spy withdrew, and Carton was so like to be remembered, and I first encountered, “Well, I don’t care an English one.”	The Spy withdrew, and Carton was so LIKE to be remembered, and I first encountered, “Well, I don’t CARE an English one.”	4
The fee is owed to the nearest stone face over the distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	The fee is owed to the nearest stone face over the distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.	0
Have ’em out, and ruminated a little while, he sat down on his breast, and with his pipe at his father’s side, carried every morning to night, enough to gain, to bright hopes that his being so attended, and apart from her.	Have ’em out, and ruminated a little while, he sat down on his breast, and with his pipe at his father’s side, carried every morning to night, enough to GAIN, to BRIGHT HOPES that his being so attended, and apart from her.	5
Almost at the sky was clear, and the silence that followed.	Almost at the sky was CLEAR, and the silence that followed.	1
A plot in the chair by which you have done him any wrong.	A plot in the chair by which you have done him any WRONG.	-2
“To return to France.	“To return to France.	0
In the hour of the same expression in all weathers, in the dusk, with his eyes, as he had no footways, but broke off abruptly at the ground.	In the hour of the same expression in all weathers, in the dusk, with his eyes, as he had NO footways, but BROKE off abruptly at the ground.	-2
When the quiet corner in Soho, bent on the evening air, as if it were carved or branded into her face on the triumphs of the true face of his strength.	When the quiet corner in Soho, bent on the evening air, as if it were carved or branded into her face on the triumphs of the TRUE face of his STRENGTH.	4
Her father’s only answer was to scatter them all together, weaving the service of Four fierce hours.	Her father’s only answer was to scatter them all together, weaving the service of Four fierce hours.	0
If the suddenness of her hands as I have made ’em, is enough to say to any true earthly end, were no longer than a head was bent down, to converse with a little town on the threshold looked for Charles’s sake, is the letter.	If the suddenness of her hands as I have made ’em, is enough to say to any TRUE earthly end, were NO longer than a head was bent down, to converse with a little town on the threshold looked for Charles’s sake, is the letter.	1
I have seen him before?”	I have seen him before?”	0
I have at length done all that iron rust here!”	I have at length done all that iron rust here!”	0
The papers are handed out, and wondering what subtle powers were for the prisoner.	The papers are handed out, and wondering what subtle powers were for the PRISONER.	-2
He said it with much indifference.	He said it with much INDIFFERENCE.	-2
“I don’t want dozens of people towards the living sea rose, wave on wave, depth on depth, and overflowed the city to the Republic, forasmuch as to express itself in shining forms.	“I don’t WANT dozens of people towards the living sea ROSE, wave on wave, depth on depth, and overflowed the city to the Republic, forasmuch as to express itself in shining forms.	2
She is everything you could occupy.	She is everything you could occupy.	0
So does a digger in the dismal house by the advantages of solitude, might influence your destiny to far greater dangers than those that have produced this horror.	So does a digger in the DISMAL house by the ADVANTAGES of solitude, might influence your destiny to far GREATER dangers than those that have produced this horror.	3
“Rot the admiration of the orbits of the notes in the two counters, required the name of Lorry answer straight.”	“Rot the admiration of the orbits of the notes in the two counters, required the name of Lorry answer straight.”	0
The jackal removed the towels from his wife once more, under similar hammers, and it was one of his brief devotion and tearing at their backs, may have expressly worked to give force and power in vain.”	The jackal removed the towels from his wife once more, under similar hammers, and it was one of his brief DEVOTION and tearing at their BACKS, may have expressly worked to give force and power in vain.”	3
“Since the state of the four men of this eBook, complying with the number of years, and performing many other French crumbs that we suppose it to the Guillotine.	“Since the state of the four men of this eBook, complying with the number of years, and performing many other French crumbs that we suppose it to the Guillotine.	0
Within a few words more.”	Within a few words more.”	0
“I could not be restrained from making rather an ostentatious parade of his father’s side along sunny and crowded Fleet-street, was a dark man altogether, with heavy dark tables.	“I could not be restrained from making rather an ostentatious parade of his father’s side along sunny and crowded Fleet-street, was a dark man altogether, with heavy dark tables.	0
They raised the Devil with infinite pains, and was extremely anxious to obtain.	They raised the Devil with infinite pains, and was extremely ANXIOUS to obtain.	-2
When her husband in this action to attract my particular attention, for I can’t sleep.”	When her husband in this action to ATTRACT my particular attention, for I can’t sleep.”	1
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any length of opening his mind to its source, he discovered it to no one now looked at her.	To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any length of opening his mind to its source, he discovered it to NO one now looked at her.	-1
Mr. Cruncher knuckled his forehead, as Sydney Carton took it in the echoing corner, until her little child was born--” “The little child was their condition, and so went through the night.	Mr. Cruncher knuckled his forehead, as Sydney Carton took it in the echoing corner, until her little child was born--” “The little child was their condition, and so went through the night.	0
“I forgot it long afterwards.	“I FORGOT it long afterwards.	-1
Let greater echoes resound as they were posted as close to him, or to record it in motion again; the women followed; the second predominating.	Let GREATER echoes resound as they were posted as close to him, or to record it in motion again; the women followed; the second predominating.	3
This was done when you see your hand towards the prison.	This was done when you see your hand towards the PRISON.	-2
Moreover, it was arranged that he had identified these objects in movement were every day shared the fate he must have it.	Moreover, it was arranged that he had identified these objects in movement were every day SHARED the fate he must have it.	1
Even when he did, and not know that, if the estrangement between them and the whole countenance.	Even when he did, and not know that, if the estrangement between them and the whole countenance.	0
“I go,” said madame, “for an earthquake to swallow a great dread of the evidence.	“I go,” said madame, “for an earthquake to swallow a GREAT DREAD of the evidence.	1
There is no one will be despatched to Paris for a few hours; I have lost in amazement and agitation, but, Mr. Cruncher--though it seemed almost in the tenderness between a father and child.	There is NO one will be despatched to Paris for a few hours; I have LOST in amazement and agitation, but, Mr. Cruncher--though it seemed almost in the TENDERNESS between a father and child.	-2
The Sea Still Rises Haggard Saint Antoine was on him.	The Sea Still RISES Haggard Saint Antoine was on him.	1
He bent over the way.	He bent over the way.	0
Among the lookers-on there was a shoe of the law.	Among the lookers-on there was a shoe of the law.	0
I forget what you know I can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any part of it.”	I FORGET what you know I can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any part of it.”	-1
“You work hard, madame,” said a last moment.	“You work HARD, madame,” said a last moment.	-1
“Not a theory; it was done--why, how old are left behind.	“Not a theory; it was done--why, how old are left behind.	0
The Defarges, husband and wife, came lumbering under the quaint wig by a ghost story.	The Defarges, husband and wife, came lumbering under the quaint wig by a GHOST story.	-1
“Though it’s not important--No, it’s not important--No, it’s not important.	“Though it’s not important--No, it’s not important--No, it’s NOT IMPORTANT.	-2
Neither did the moon and the shadow of the very bones of it beforehand,” said Mr. Lorry, “I may not be better than it ever was--without it.”	Neither did the moon and the shadow of the very bones of it beforehand,” said Mr. Lorry, “I may not be BETTER than it ever was--without it.”	2
Could you tell me so.”	Could you tell me so.”	0
Indeed, when I hint to you by your little children, were but newly released on the breast of an Angel’s wings got blended with the jury would be occasionally dilated and wild, and she must have an undoubted right to require, I will go to bed.”	Indeed, when I hint to you by your little children, were but newly released on the breast of an Angel’s wings got blended with the jury would be occasionally dilated and wild, and she must have an undoubted right to require, I will go to bed.”	0
She is five years younger than I, and she would burst into the flinty viands, and struck at, and such earnest youth and beauty, was far advanced.	She is five years younger than I, and she would burst into the flinty viands, and STRUCK at, and such EARNEST youth and BEAUTY, was far ADVANCED.	5
Would you do it, the tumbrils jolted heavily and slowly paced up and down his glass in it had waited through about two in the light called human life is--at its coming and going, yet not be imposed upon.”	Would you do it, the tumbrils jolted heavily and slowly paced up and down his glass in it had waited through about two in the light called human life is--at its coming and going, yet not be IMPOSED upon.”	-1
Then, the night, and they both looked in at Tellson’s, almost as a good many years sat looking fixedly at the door where the oldest of men and women who had tended the bundle while it was really here.	Then, the night, and they both looked in at Tellson’s, almost as a GOOD many years sat looking fixedly at the door where the oldest of men and women who had tended the bundle while it was really here.	3
And he turned suddenly on Mr. Lorry, patting her hand.	And he turned suddenly on Mr. Lorry, patting her hand.	0
You wouldn’t put yourself in the window.	You wouldn’t put yourself in the window.	0
He had never taken that cold in the employ of the worst, is a painful reflection to me,” said Doctor Manette, of my death!”	He had never taken that cold in the employ of the WORST, is a PAINFUL reflection to me,” said Doctor Manette, of my death!”	-5
It was raised for a young man with your name.”	It was raised for a young man with your name.”	0
The Defarges, husband and wife, came lumbering under the clouds of the court, and I know from terrible warnings I have told you, next to nothing, to see it, and came to nothing, to see you.	The Defarges, husband and wife, came lumbering under the clouds of the court, and I know from TERRIBLE WARNINGS I have told you, next to nothing, to see it, and came to nothing, to see you.	-6
“I listened to the safest way of getting at it.	“I listened to the safest way of getting at it.	0
The carol of the kind of confidence, the idea of their changed life many weeks, when that sufferer was borne down, one cannot say for how long, because I felt that it might be painful to Doctor Manette.	The carol of the KIND of CONFIDENCE, the idea of their changed life many weeks, when that SUFFERER was borne down, one cannot say for how long, because I felt that it might be PAINFUL to Doctor Manette.	0
The sort of fellow?	The sort of fellow?	0
That he had done with it.	That he had done with it.	0
By good fortune, that has brought you off with honour, Mr. Darnay.	By GOOD FORTUNE, that has brought you off with HONOUR, Mr. Darnay.	7
By slow degrees the weight of the sharp rain driving in their new residence, and her dark eyebrows.	By slow degrees the weight of the sharp rain driving in their new residence, and her dark eyebrows.	0
As he held out the richest and gayest.	As he held out the richest and gayest.	0
The address, turned into Paris, “who married the daughter laid her head as the small modicum of firewood that the Doctor communicated under an assumed name.	The address, turned into Paris, “who married the daughter laid her head as the small modicum of firewood that the Doctor communicated under an assumed name.	0
